d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\arkanoid.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\arkanoid.pdb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\arkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\arkanoid.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\arkanoid.pdb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bg.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blok_1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blok_2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blok_3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blok_5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\blok_4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\but_s0.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\top.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\iml_1.gif
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\iml_1.png
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\iml_2.png
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pd1.png
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bl1_lvl1.png
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bl2_lvl1.png
d:\Users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\arkanoid\arkanoid\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pixel.png
