d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Cybernoire.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Cybernoire.pdb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\obj\x86\Debug\Cybernoire.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\obj\x86\Debug\Cybernoire.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\obj\x86\Debug\Cybernoire.pdb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Crouch\C6.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Idle\player_idle_1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Idle\player_idle_2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J6.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J7.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Jump\J8.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_6.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_7.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Move\player_walk_8.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G10.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G11.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G12.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G13.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G14.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G6.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G7.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G8.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Shoot\G9.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Loop\Sm1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Loop\Sm2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm10.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm11.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm12.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm13.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm14.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm15.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm16.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm17.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm18.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm19.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm20.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm3.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm4.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm5.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm6.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm7.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm8.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\Smoke\Sm9.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\door.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\hobo.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\slums1.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\slums2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tunnel.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\door2.png
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cybernoire\Cybernoire\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\dolap.png
