d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Font1.xnb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\sRPGBase.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\sRPGBase.pdb
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\obj\x86\Debug\sRPGBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\obj\x86\Debug\sRPGBase.exe
d:\users\shadowseven\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sRPGBase\sRPGBase\obj\x86\Debug\sRPGBase.pdb
